### RESTfull Web Services With Spring Boot

RESTful Web Services with Spring and Spring Boot
Building RESTful web services with Spring Boot is fun. In this course, we will discover why Spring, Spring MVC and Spring Boot is becoming the best framework combination to develop RESTful web services.

You will learn

What is a RESTful Web Service?
How to implement RESTful Web Services with Spring and Spring Boot?
What are the best practices in designing RESTful Web Services?
How to design Resources and GET, POST and DELETE operations?
How to implement Validation for RESTful Web Services?
How to implement Exception Handling for RESTful Web Services?
What is HATEOAS? How to implement HATEOAS for a Resource?
What are the different approach in versioning RESTful Services?
How to use Postman to execute RESTful Service Requests?
How to implement basic authentication with Spring Security?
How to implement filtering for RESTful Services?
How to monitor RESTful Services with Spring Boot Actuator?
How to document RESTful Web Services with Swagger?
How to connect RESTful Services to a backend with JPA?

 

Steps

### RESTFUL Web service 
   
 Social midia Aplication 
 User ->post  
   
Restrive all users   -GET    /users
Create a User        -POST   /users  
Retrive one User     -GET   /users/{id} -> /users/1
Delete a User        -DELETE   /user/{id} -> /user/1


Retrive all post for a user   -GET   /users/{id}/post
create a post for a user      -POST   /users/{id}/post\s
Retrive details os a post     -GET     /users/{id}/posts/{post_Id}




